---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-10-02
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
Our group has met a few times and made good progress on the project. I was
super swamped with projects for other classes as well, but I have gotten through!
Hopefully I'll be smooth sailing from now but reality is often short of expectations...

### What's in your way?
We still have a few finishing touches to wrap up for this project. I think I should
be able to finish it up tonight, and if not we'll have Monday as some leeway as well.
In the future I'll have to be more proactive in doing my part sooner. 

### What will you do next week?
We will get started on phase 2! I'll also have a few of my first exams for my other 
classes coming up which is pretty stressful, but I'm pretty confident that I'll 
be prepared since I've been taking good notes in lectures.

### What did you think of Paper #6: The Open-Closed Principle?
I honestly did not find that this paper particularly impacted my way of thinking.
While the described principle of designing things such that they can be easily 
extended for new functionality without changing the base is important, I think 
the way it was described was too vague and abstract to be useful. The examples 
it talked about, such as encapsulating variables and abstraction using 
subclasses, are all things that most people would already know to use and be 
able to identify why these things are useful.

### What was your experience of operators, iterators, and generators? (this question will vary, week to week)
Learning about how these things worked really made me appreciate the design of 
Python. I used to think that understanding the mechanisms that Python uses to 
allow you to write a lot of "Pythonic" code would be really difficult, but it
turns out that the language uses a lot of clever design that allows you to 
define things like overloaded operators and iterability (and by extension functionality
with a lot of other methods) very easily and intuitively. 

### What made you happy this week?
Costco started selling my favorite chili oil again (Fly by Jing's).
It's so expensive but I've been craving it for so long and couldn't find it 
anywhere except online.

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I don't have much for this week. If you havn't done so yet, it's worth learning
a bit of vim to quickly edit things from the terminal. My version has a tutorial
when you first open it!
