---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-10-23
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
I've fallen pretty behind this week. I missed class on Thursday for an 
important meeting and our groups project still has a lot left to do. I was 
at least able to finish my other classes' midterms and projects.

### What's in your way?
We are going to have to work in overdrive to get this phase of the project 
done. We will probably have to use slip days. I also have to figure out how to
schedule time better. I have 3 classes that require group coding projects so 
it has been very difficult to manage time and I have to overcome that. Luckily 
I have managed to stay on top of my work for the other two. 

### What will you do next week?
We will have to finish phase 2 one way or another. I will also catch up on 
the lecture that I missed. I am dropping my PED class, which will buy me some 
more time during this semester (I probably overscheduled...).

### What did you think of Paper #9. The Dependency Inversion Principle?
I thought it was a good read, and I like how this paper seem to have examples 
that motivated the philosophy behind the dependency inversion principle better
than the other papers. While I think that the effects of following this principle
are things that programmers will already tend to know to do, I think it is 
important to keep in mind to prevent any design flaws that can hinder the
flexibility of the project as time goes on.


### What was your experience of the relational algebra, select, and project? (this question will vary, week to week)
I missed a big section of the class that covered this, so I do not have much of 
an answer. I will review this tonight!

### What made you happy this week?
I bought a new brand of olives when grocery shopping this week and they taste really good.

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My groupmate shared this one with me: [FuzzyWuzzy](https://pypi.org/project/fuzzywuzzy/) is a 
fuzzy string matching library that uses Levenshtein Distance to match similar strings.
