---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-08-28
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### Where did you grow up?

I grew up the Kingwood area of Houston, and later moved closer to the city.

### What high school did you attend?

I went to Debakey High School for Health Professions. They offered a lot of coursework
relevant to people looking to go into the field of medicine (Oops-- ended up not being me).

### What was your favorite extracurricular activity in high school?

I liked to enter my knitting/crochet projects into Fiber Arts events for my 
school's National Beta Club. 

### Why did you come to UT?

UT is in-state and has a good reputation in CS.

### Why are you majoring in CS?

In my senior year of high school while applying to colleges I took an AP Computer 
Science class and liked it so much I decided to take the leap and started applying 
to that instead. I think I made the right choice!

### Why are you in this class?

I'm really interested in learning what the real workflow of many (most?) software
engineers would be like. I also hope to learn things that I can apply to my 
personal projects and future career. 

### What are your expectations of this class?

I get the feeling that a lot of effort will be put into coordinating and working
with group members to accomplish tasks independent of instruction. It also seems like there will
be a lot of self-reflection in this class with blog posts and papers.

### How much Javascript/Python/SQL/Web programming do you already know?

I know a bit of JS and web programming. Enough to make a website that does not 
meet modern web development standards at all (I hope you're not on mobile!). I feel
pretty confident in Python. Not confident at all in SQL.

### How did you like the first lectures?

I really enjoyed the first few lectures. The professor's lectures are very engaging
and he seems to have put quite a lot of thought in how he set up the course.

### How did you feel about the cold calling?

While I think that the class's use of the Socratic method is really engaging and 
effective, I can't say I love the cold calling. Though it is probably a necessary
evil in order to get students to participate. 

### How do you feel about specifications grading?

I really like how I don't have to feel bad about not getting a perfect score on
one assignment or another. In regular point-based classes, it feels like every 
point taken off is punishing because you will have less room to mess up later. 
With specifications, I have a definite standard I have to meet each time instead.

### What made you happy this week?

I stumbled upon something called "Temari". It's a Japanese craft where they embroider
geometric designs onto balls wrapped in thread. It looks super pretty,
and I've already started gathering supplies to try it out. Can't wait to start 
this weekend!

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Today I learned that using `round()` in Python does NOT behave the way you expect 
it to. `round(2.5)` yielded `2`, which caused me half a headache.