---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-11-13
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
I caught up on lectures, finished up a few of the last assignemnts for different
classes, and worked on the IDB project.

### What's in your way?
Now I am mainly working cumulative semester projects in most of my classes, and
they all require group work. I think it will be very difficult to schedule 
around everybody.

### What will you do next week?
I will have to do a lot of work to manage my calendar and meet with all my groups.
Luckily, Thanksgiving break is coming up and I will have a lot of time to finish
up any personal work that needs to be done. The end is in sight!

### What did you think of Paper #12. Why extends is evil?
I really liked this paper, and I think it effectively communicated a lot of the
issues that come along with implementation inheritance. I feel like I was able
to connect to a lot of papers I read previously, and I think that avoiding
extends entirely can help solve a lot of those issues.


### What was your experience of the refactoring, UML, and ethics talk? (this question will vary, week to week)
I found the lectures on refactoring to be a good narrative on how we want to
modify code. I don't feel like we covered UMLs that much; maybe I need to review that 
some more. I thought that the 
ethics talk was very, very interesting. I loved the professors! Upset that they
do not teach anymore. I think that a lot of very difficult questions were presented, involving a
lot of scenarios that I don't want to see myself in. Even still, they did a good
job of convincing us why we may have a moral obligation to consider these issues.


### What made you happy this week?
This weekend I cooked some takoyaki for the first time with my friend, and 
also made some vegetable chips. 

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Google's [Quick, Draw! Dataset](https://github.com/googlecreativelab/quickdraw-dataset)
is publically available and really fun to play around with if you are into 
machine learning.