---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-10-30
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
Our group did a lot of legwork on the project for the due date. In my other 
classes we are starting a lot of final-semester projects which is fun to do.

### What's in your way?
Unfortunately we were not able to finish all the requirements for the project
before the deadline. We will work on making sure that everything is covered
for the next phase of the project, as well as for the resubmit if we end up
getting an R.

### What will you do next week?
We will make sure we meet with the requirements as mentioned above, and I will
finish all my projects for my other classes ahead of time so I have more time
to meet with my group (I've already started! Which is a first for this semester...).

### What did you think of Paper 10. Why getter and setter methods are evil?
The title was a little bit of click-bait, but I ended up finding the paper to be
an enjoyable read. I initialy learned that getters/setters were good under
object oriented principles because it allowed you to make a layer of abstraction
between the getting/setting and what actually happens to your member variables.
However, the paper pointed out that usually, many of these decisions can be 
abstracted further to be more in line with object oriented principles. I think that
highlighting the downside of getters/setters definitely will help me write better
object oriented code.


### What was your experience of the cross join, theta join, and natural join? (this question will vary, week to week)
I found that the methods themselves are fairly intuitive. They seem to map directly
to concepts I (vaguely) remember about databases and SQL. I think that implementing
them on HackerRank in class was a fun excercise in learning to write classes
and generators. It also makes me appreciate `yield` so much.


### What made you happy this week?
Got to play some videogames for the first time in a few years! I played some 
Overcooked and Overwatch 2 for the first time, and some Smash. My favorite was Overcooked.

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
[This StackOverflow Post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3113885/difference-between-one-to-many-many-to-one-and-many-to-many) 
really helped me understand the difference between One-to-Many and Many-to-One database relationships.
