---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-09-04
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
I havn't done too much pertaining to this class for the past week. Mostly, I've 
just reviewing the things we have gone over in lecture to make sure I've retained most 
of the things we cover. Most of my other classes have been more or less the same. 
I'm sure that things will get a little more heavy as the first projects and 
assignments start to be released.

### What's in your way?
For the first couple weeks I've been enjoying the time I had to be able to cook 
a lot and make sure I stick to my sleep schedule. However, as things in this class pick up I 
can already tell I will have some trouble keeping up with everything. I'll have 
to find a way to either be more efficient or rebalance time.

### What will you do next week?
I will begin getting through most of the first assignments across my classes. I 
think that I will be able to make good progress on the first project for this 
class during this long weekend.


### What did you think of Paper #1: Syllabus?
I thought that it was a nice way of making sure we read the syllabus. When we are 
forced to make comments, it makes me think more about any questions I may have had. 
While I don't find myself needing to refer to syllabus policies very often, I think
the method of using Perusal for papers will be helpful in learning from reading 
materials. With the makefile paper assignment for this week, I feel that having 
to make comments made me learn a lot more about what was going on than if I were 
to just read it in leisure or if I were to look up how-to's online.

### What was your experience of assertions, unit tests, and coverage? 
This week was when a lot of these ideas were introduced, and I think that they 
are very useful tools. They resemble a lot of the things we might try to do 
when we are normally checking our coding (like making test calls and putting print 
statements to see if we reached a segment), but are a lot more formalized and 
can be used to enforce certain standards. We used assertions and unit tests a 
little bit in the HackerRank and I think it was a good example of the ways 
unit tests can go both right and wrong.

### What made you happy this week?
Yesterday I went to Wonderspaces with my friend! It was a really enjoyable 
gallery and had a surprising amount of techy stuff there. My favorite was a 
rotating sculture that had different effects as a strobe light flashing at 
different rates illuminated it (like a camera's frame rate on a spinning fan). 

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
The `public_html` folder on the lab machines is a fun place to experiment with 
websites off of your local machine. (Access using cs.utexas.edu/users/eid)
