---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-10-09
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
The past week we finished the first phase of our IDB project, and I worked on 
a lot of projects for my other classes. I also took a few of my first midterms 
this semester and it went much more smoothly than expected!

### What's in your way?
Right now we are having trouble coordinating times to meet. I think that having 
regularly scheduled meetings can help a lot with that. It will be very difficult 
to make, but I think I will have to reprioritize things to make it happen.

### What will you do next week?
Hopefully we will be able to make good progress on phase 2 of the project. I will 
also wrap up on the projects for my other classes. 

### What did you think of Paper #7: The Liskov Substitution Principle?
It was a nice read since I had already learned about the Liskov Substitution Principle
before when I was doing a paper on Barbara Liskov for one of my classes. It was 
nice to review the main points of the principle and to see an example of how it 
can sometimes be tricky to maintain. I always thought it was a pretty obvious 
part of object oriented programming (it's certainly used as much as possible), 
but the example about the square and rectangle as well as the real world example
with the sets showed that its not always obvious when designing a system what 
behaviors you have to watch out for. Even though something might by definition 
be part of a parent class, it's not necessarily true that the behavior will be
the same.

### What was your experience of comprehensions, yield, and closures? (this question will vary, week to week)
I already felt fairly comfortable with comprehensions. I think that yields were 
pretty interesting; I had never seen them before. I wonder how often they are 
used and for what situations. Closures are definitely a little weird, I will 
need to study some more about them. They seem to break some of Python's magic of 
writing "pseudocode" and expecting it to work exactly how you intended. I am sure
there is a good reason for that though. 

### What made you happy this week?
I've gotten a new pen-pal! It was really exciting to get my first letter back.

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip of the week is to try using a [Trello](https://trello.com/en) board to 
help organize your team with different tasks! It is a really good way of 
organizing things.