---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-09-10
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
I started working a good amount on the first project in this class. I had a lot 
of projects due before this one, though I still probably shouldn't have 
procrastinated quite as much on this one.

### What's in your way?
The project is a lot more intimidating than I expected since there is a lot of 
tools and new workflows that I am not familiar with. Things like these which 
were not covered in class are scary, but I've been working through them and I 
am getting to know them. I can definitely see the value in having the projects be 
somewhat detached from lecture, because figuring these things out has been 
rewarding, and I also agree that this kind of experience is more of what I 
should expect in the future.

### What will you do next week?
In the next couple days I will have to spend quite a bit of time on the project 
but I feel confident that I can get it done. After this, I think I will be able 
to become caught up with all of my course work and I will make sure to try and 
get things under control. 

### What did you think of Paper #3: Continuous Integration?
I thought it was an excellent topic for a paper because it relates to what we 
are doing in the projects. The CI/CD pipeline was something I ran into and 
initially didn't understand. After I figured it out, I was somewhat frustated
that I had to go through all of that work just to commit something to the main 
branch. Though now, I can appreciate how the paper we read motivates CI and 
why learning to have this kind of workflow can be beneficial. I definitely agree
with the points in the paper about how integrating early on can reduce the 
severity of bugs and make production faster and more predictable. 

### What was your experience of exceptions, lists, tuples, and int caching?
Coming from a few semester's worth of C programming, I really appreciate a lot 
of these features. Exceptions in particular feel like magic. I definitely found 
that with the way I coded in C, I would end up realizing that whenever I ran 
into a situation that could cause an error, I would either have to call some 
error handling function immediately (with a string argument if I wanted to 
find out where it came from), or go through a lot of effort with bubbling up 
errors manually through special return constants. Both of these always felt a 
bit wrong, and now I know why. Our review of how list, tuples and ints work/are 
cached were a good review of how data is stored (literal vs reference) and of 
objects, which I was a bit rusty on.

### What made you happy this week?
I played ping pong for the first time this week. I always avoided it because I 
didn't have any experience, but it was surprisingly fun to pick up! I'm excited 
to play again next weekend.

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
[This website](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) seems to be a nice visual way 
to become more comfortable with git branching. I havn't got the chance to go 
through it all yet, but its on my list!
