---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-09-10
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
I attended the career fair, and got caught up on all of my class assignments. I 
also got the house tidied up.

### What's in your way?
I have a lot of work assignments to do and I have to make up for lectures I 
missed during the career fair.

### What will you do next week?
I need to focus on finishing my work assignments while staying on top of current
class assignments as well. This means I may have to make compromises on what
materials I choose to revisit from last week.

### What did you think of Paper #4: Pair Programming?
This is my second time reading this paper (first time was in CS439) and I found
that after experiencing pair programming, I think that I agree much more with 
the paper on the second read. I found a lot of my experiences reflected in the 
paper and definitely agree that pair programming is a boon for productivity. I 
hope that it will be very relevant for this class as well.

### What was your experience of containers and iterators? (this question will vary, week to week)
I found it a nice review of some of the constructs we learned about in Java.
I think it's nice to know that after learning about one programming language, others
can come more easily since design patterns are not arbitrary and often carry 
over to other situations. When I first learned about these things, I thought 
the contrary; I felt that I did not want to learn about rules in a language (eg. ways 
containers are constructed, immutability of some objects, or the rules that iterable objects need to follow). 
I felt that I only needed to know these things because they were "made that way". 
But actually, now I know that these patterns are important to learn, since I am sure to be seeing them again.

### What made you happy this week?
I got a new ping pong bat, and have a friend who has been teaching me how to 
play and get better. :)


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Google Collab lets you create and share jupyter notebooks easily on the cloud. 
It's especially nice if you don't want things to be running and heating up your
laptop.