---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-10-16
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
I met with some group members and got a lot of data collection done. I am 
pretty confident with the progress we made on that. Outside of that I also 
caught up on all my lectures and studied for some tests in the upcoming week.

### What's in your way?
There is still a lot to do for the IDB project, and I feel that after Tuesday I 
will have to dedicate a lot of time working on it so that we can have a working
model by our TA meeting on Thursday. 

### What will you do next week?
Tonight I am working on finishing my other projects for this week so that I can 
be more available for scheduling with my group. That way I will be able to 
contribute more to the project during crunch time.

### What did you think of Paper #8. The Integration Segregation Principle?
I thought it was a good article that made me more aware of "fat interfaces" and
ways to avoid it. Going over the articles written by that author, I am starting 
to understand that designing relationship between classes is actually very 
difficult and requires a lot of thought and abstract thinking. It makes me 
really want to take the OOP course in the future. Hopefully I can get better 
at recognizing these things, because to be honest, I feel like when I am under 
a time crunch I rarely have time to make considered design choices like these.

### What was your experience of the eBay talk and decorators? (this question will vary, week to week)
It was nice to learn about the places where UT students have gone to, and 
interesting to hear about their perspectives on web development. 

The lectures on decorators demystified a lot of my confusion about how many 
Python frameworks work. Now that I know that decorators are another way to 
abstract away some functionality associated with a function, I feel a lot more 
comfortable using them. I think it is a very useful and convenient design 
pattern, and it probably makes Python code a lot easier to understand than 
the ways that other languages would implement this functionality.

### What made you happy this week?
I watched a couple episodes of "Bob's Burgers" for the first time this week! 
One of my new favorites.

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My friend recently shared a productivity method called [Autofocus](https://www.artofmanliness.com/character/behavior/autofocus-the-productivity-system-that-treats-your-to-do-list-like-a-river/) that 
helps you continuously work on tasks that you feel are important. I have been
trying it out and I think it really works!