---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-11-20
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
We finished up phase 3 of the project. This week I took it pretty easy since 
a lot of my classwork is starting to slow down and we have a break coming up.

### What's in your way?
I need to finish up phase 4 of the project with my group, and start preparing 
for the final stretch this semester.

### What will you do next week?
I will coordinate with my group to finish phase 4 of the project. I will also 
use any dead time I have during the break to get ahead on work so that I will
not be too stressed out for the rest of the semester.

### What did you think of Paper #13. What Happens to Us Does Not Happen to Most of You?
I thought that it was a very important paper that highlighted how negative 
experiences can seriously impact the inclusivity of our community. I personally
found a lot of the content of the blog very shocking. I would think that our 
university is a fairly progressive place where this kind of thing would never
happen, but I will definitely try to be more sensitive about this kind of thing.
I think that the author raises a very important point about how we need to be 
mindful about these issues on an individual basis and be ready to speak up
whenever we see anything wrong. 

### What was your experience of the Strategy Pattern, Reflection, and security talk? (this question will vary, week to week)
I think that the strategy pattern and reflections allowed for cool design patterns.
I feel that I am not yet confident enough to use them yet, but I am glad to be 
aware of them and will definitely look into them as tools that I can use in the
future. I think that the security talk was also an interesting lecture.

### What made you happy this week?
I am back home visiting my family :).

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My groupmate from another class introduced us to [Jupyter Lab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user/rtc.html) which provided us with many more features, including 
real-time collaboration.