---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo: Final Entry"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-12-04
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### Takeaways:
> - test first, test during, test after; test, test, test
> - when designing algorithms, demand the weakest capabilities (e.g., iterable vs. indexable)
> - when designing containers, provide the strongest capabilities (e.g., indexable vs. iterable)
> - build decorators on top of containers, iterators, and functions
> - utilize the benefits of being lazy (e.g., yield)
> - always look for reuse and symmetry in your code
> - collaboration is essential to the quality of your code and to your well-being in producing it
> - refactor, refactor, refactor
> - make your code beautiful

### How well do you think the course conveyed those takeaways?
I think that the course has definitely conveyed these takeaways very well. These
are all coding practices that are fairly well known to us, but actually going
through the experience of tackling these design problems helps solidify them 
as important practices.

### Were there any other particular takeaways for you?
The biggest thing is learning that there is not going to be a book of right 
answers after school. There will be a lot of problem solving and confusion. 
This also helped me realise that I should not be waiting until I am more 
knowlegable before taking on my own projects; the answers won't come until I
tackle the problem myself. 

### How did you feel about cold calling?
I think it was a great way to keep us engaged in lecture. The professor asks
questions in a way that does not cause too much pressure, so it was a much 
better experience than I expected coming in.

### How did you feel about specifications grading?
Specifications grading relieved a lot of stress throughout the semester. Instead
of feeling bad and stressed that I could not get the perfect implementation that 
I had in my head, I could instead worry more about doing my best and learning 
about what I can improve upon.

### How did you feel about help sessions and office hours?
I did not go to these much because we would have weekly meetings with the TAs
where I would ask questions. If they were anything like those meetings, then I
bet they would be very helpful :)

### How did you feel about the support from the TAs?
I felt that the TAs were very invested in our success and also made themselves 
very available. It was a nice comfort as we tried to navigate through the course.

### You should have read five papers that describe SOLID design: Single Responsibility, Open-Closed Principle, Liskov Substitution, Interface Segregation, and Dependency Inversion. What insights have they given you?
The biggest thing that I learned is that, the individual principles themselves 
are quite simple, but actually applying them towards projects is very difficult.
You have to think really hard about the design and the scope of projects can
make it very challenging, especially when faced with the reality of time constraints.
Nonetheless, they are essential to learn and implement!

### You should have read two papers that advised minimizing getters and setters. What insights have they given you?
They helped me understand the purpose and design philosophy of object oriented
code. When we first learned about OOP, we were allowed to use getters and 
setters without caution. This was good at the time, but made me less aware of 
how much they broke the abstraction of the mechanisms of objects. 

### What required tool did you not know and now find very useful?
I think that learning about Flask was very helpful. Before that, I had only done 
a bit of front-end programming, and my understanding of what the full stack 
looked like was very confusing. No amount of reading seemed to help me understand.
After implementing a backend, I feel a lot more comfortable with my knowledge
of how a lot of websites work.

### What's the most helpful Web dev tool your group used that was not required?
(Scrapy)[https://scrapy.org/] was a very simple to use web crawler that was
very helpful in our project.

### How did you feel about your group having to self-teach many technologies?
It was very difficult and felt frustrating at times. But it helped me learn how 
to do things without too much instruction. It makes me feel a lot more confident
about tackling projects that I havn't explicitly learned about yet.

### In the end, how much did you learn relative to other UT CS classes?
I learned a lot of skills that you wouldn't learn in other CS classes. I think
that this class helps with the confidence of knowing you can take on complex 
and novel tasks, and gives you a few design tools to help get there. 