---
title: "CS373 Fall 2022: Goldin Vo"
featured-image: /assets/cs373/me.jpeg
date: 2022-09-25
layout: long-post
script: /scripts/index.js
---
### What did you do this past week?
I met with my group a couple of times to get started on the project. It was 
really nice getting to meet them! Outside of this class, I also caught up on
all of my lectures and had time to do some much needed housekeeping.

### What's in your way?
While we have discussed a lot of different potential pathways and resources to 
use for the project, we still havn't decided on a specific one yet. It's a 
little nervewracking for us since this will affect us for the rest of the 
semester.

### What will you do next week?
We will have to take the plunge and decide very soon. I think after that 
everything should be able to go more smoothly.

### What did you think of Paper #5: The Single Responsibility Principle?
This is a design principle that I always somewhat knew about and agreed with, 
but after reading the paper I realized that I havn't actually been considering 
it very much. It seems like there is a lot of effort involved in actually 
deciding what it means for something to be a single responsibility. This paper 
encourages me to take more time on the designing phase to think about these 
things.

### What was your experience of reduce and methods vs. functions? (this question will vary, week to week)
I often use the reduce function, and I like how this class motivated a lot of 
its design. I find that I usually like functional tools like reduce because, 
in addition to being syntatically nice to use, I can be more confident that 
my code is reasonably efficient and correct since I am using a well tested 
function designed by people who put effort into optimizing it. I actually don't
remember too much from lecture that was explicitly about methods versus functions,
I will have to go back and review that. My initial impression is that it would 
have something to do with the SRP and how methods will change member variables.

### What made you happy this week?
I baked bagels with my friend this morning! They were not that great, but it 
was a fun experience.

### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Learn about tech stacks that are used by different organizations at 
[stackshare.io](https://stackshare.io/stacks).